Update matrix usage limits (#17034)
github/docs: data/reusables/actions/usage-matrix-limits.md

> A job matrix can generate a maximum of 256 jobs per workflow run. This limit applies to both GitHub-hosted and self-hosted runners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A job matrix can generate a maximum of 256 jobs per workflow run. This limit applies to both {% data variables.product.product_name %}-hosted and self-hosted runners.
```
